Lab Report Rubrics
HL
Mar. 2018 

1. General Guidelines
   Use IEEE paper template to generate your report. 
     (1) One line title, factual and right-to-the-point, avoid marketing terms. 
     (2) Abstract (50-100 words) with design objectives, technical challenges, 
         methodology, hardware and software resources description, deliverables, 
         and the implementation result. 
     (3) Strickly follow the IEEE paper style, no modification of spacing, fonts, 
         section enumeration etc. be sure to provide Appendix section with source
         code and schematics. 
 
2. System and Hardware Level Design
   (1) provide system block diagram to capture the entire desing/testing/prototyping
       setup, for example, laptop computer with Ethernet/RS232 link to microprocessor 
       system. 
   (2) Block diagram for the micropocessor system with detailed pin connectivity 
       information, labels of each individual block of the system. 
   (3) Schematics of each basic building blocks and/or subsystems, and/or entire 
       system. 
   (4) Photos of the actual implementation of the entire system and/or subsystems. 
   
3. Software Gesign 
   (1) Description of the softweare development environment and its set up 
       procedure, such as Eclips based IDE (integrated development environment) set 
       up. 
   (2) Algorithm description in a well-organized, step-by-step fashion, for example
       steps from 1 through 5. 
   (3) Flow chart(s) to give further details of the algorithm, if needed, multiple 
       flow charts can be utilized. 
   (4) Pseudo code to match up the flow charts. Due to the nature of the hardware
       and software co-design, algorithmic type Pseudo code is usually too
       abstract, details down to the level of registers and bits patterns of registers
       are needed. 
   (5) Source code (segment of code) to support the Pseudo Code. 

4. Testing and Verification 
   Report will have a Testing and Verification section, which will cover 
   (1) Hardware testing: photos of the waveforms from oscilloscope and/or logic analyzer. 
       data from the system testing result, and/or SPICE simulation capture if needed.  
   (2) Software testing: Screen capture of the execution result, data from program 
       execution. 

5. Reference section with detailed technical reference and datasheet, etc. 

(End)

