Lab PWM and PID Motor Drive Testing 
HL

In this Lab, you will build embedded system for PWM testing. The goal is 
to understand how PWM frequency and duty cycle can be set by inintialization 
and configureation of TCNTBn, TCMPBn, and configuration registers. You will 
write (or modify) a PWM device driver program to realize this requirement. In 
addition, to demonstrate your PWM program, you will build stepper motor drive
circuit by using existing motor drive board to change motor speed and 
direction (clock wise vs. counter clock wise). 

1. General Requirements 

   (1)  Locate the connector(s) which expose the CPU PWM pin and identify a GPIO 
   (GPP) pins, and connect these pins to the stepper motor drive of your choice.  

   (2) Accquire a wire wrapping board, and mount the motor drive board on the 
   wire wrapping board.

   (3) Write/modify PWM device driver program to allow both frequency and duty 
   cycle change per user application program input. Write an user application 
   program to prompt user input from the ARM development kit, and your program 
   will read user input frequency and duty cycle, and send to the PWM device 
   driver to drive the stepper motor drive, observe the motor speed change and 
   direction change.   

2. Software Design 
   (1) Install linux distribution on your laptop. 
   (2) Install linux-arm-gcc on your laptop. 
   (3) Use make to compile and build sample user program leds.c from /linux/example folder. 
       Be sure the path to the linux-arm-gcc compiler is set correctly, you may use 

       $linux-arm-gcc -v 

       to check if it is set correctly and its version. 
   (4) Use make menuconfig to generate script needed to compile and build device driver program
       and/or OS kernel image, and use 
       make modules 
       to compile and build device driver program once make menucofig is done. 
   (5) Use device driver sample code from /drivers/char/ to build your PWM device driver. 
   (6) Once the user application program and the device driver was compiled and built, then 
       copy to USB stick and insert the USB stick to ARM development kit, then 
       install device driver by 
   
       insmod (the_name_of_my_PWMdriver) 

    (7) Then you can run your user application program. Once you done, remove un-install the 
       device driver module by 

       rmmod (the_name_of_my_firstdriver)

3. Write IEEE style lab report.  

(END)   


 

