Lab ADC Sensor Interface and Motor Drive Integration Testing   
HL 

This lab is designed to implement A/D conversion for sensor interface 
(industrial IoT for example) and stepper motor drive integration test.
In this lab, you will integrate ADC sensor input to drive stepper motor: 

1. Design and build ADC input circuit with an opential meter to produce 
output voltage from 0.0 VDC to 3.3 VDC, and connect it to the ADC input
pin of your ARM dev board. 

2. Write C/C++ program to call ADC driver and to set sampling frequency 
to 1K SPS (samples per second). Then perform the ADC calibration by
computing calibration curve by finding 10 pairs of input-voltage 
data vs its output digital value, plot these data, and use linear 
interpolation technique to plot the linear equation to illustrate the 
input-output relation. 

3. Use FFT program provided in the class to validate the ADC data by 
computing its power spectrum, based on your result to identify if there
is any aliasing, and to make sampling rate change accordingly. 

4. Integrate the ADC input with PWM motor drive program to realize the 
stepper motor speed control. As the potential meter increases its output 
voltage the stepper motor will increase its speed, as the input voltage
reaches 3.3 VDC limit, the motor reaches the highest speed, as the input
voltage reaches 0.0 VDC, the motor should stop. 

5. (Optional) add sensor feedback to the embedded system to detect 
the stepper motor angular speed, you can choose the sensor of your 
choice, or build one (DIY) if you prefer. 

6. Hint: Conduct AD conversion data validation by using FFT computation of 
the ADC data. You can obtain the data by varing the potential meter value 
to change the analog input to the ADC, then ADC acquire this changes with 
up to 256 points. Once these 256 discrete data points are collected, use 
FFT to calculate power spectrum of your input data points. Plot the power 
spectrum of the data and submit it in the report.  

What to demo: 
1. In the lab demo, demonstrate the requirements from 1 to 6; 

What to submit: 
1. Project report in IEEE format, please down load the paper template 
from on line.  
2. The report should include flow charts, algorithm description, pseudo code, 
and source code listing (in the appendix). 
3. The report should provide block diagrams of the wire wrapping board, 
circuit schematics, and photos of the actual implementation, as well as testing 
data and analysis.
4. Submit your report and source code in electronics format when instructed individually.   

(END)  
